Updates deployment docs (#694)
tektoncd/hub: docs/DEPLOYMENT.md

  - API Image: quay.io/tekton-hub/api:v1.3.0

- To Build images for multi-architecture use the following command and default value of architecture is `linux/amd64`.

```

> docker builx build  --platform linux/amd64,linux/s390x,linux/ppc64le -f images/API.Dockerfile -t <image> --push .

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
docker builx build  --platform linux/amd64,linux/s390x,linux/ppc64le -f images/api.Dockerfile -t <image> --push .
```

### Update API ConfigMap

> - ConfigMap (`02-api/21-api-configmap.yaml`) contains information for Api configuration, default Catalog [tektoncd](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog]) and Scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ConfigMap (`02-api/21-api-configmap.yaml`) contains information for API such as Categories, default Catalog [tektoncd](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog]) and Scopes.
```

> - This configMap have the enough information to deploy the default catalog [tektoncd](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog]),If required any changes edit the configMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This configMap have the enough information to deploy the default catalog [tektoncd](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog]), if any changes are required then the ConfigMap should be modified accordingly.
```

> - Update the configMap to add at least one user with all scopes such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the ConfigMap to add at least one user with all scopes such as
```

- For example

>   - refresh a catalog,
>   - refresh config file
>     -create an agent token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - refresh a catalog,
  - refresh config file
  - create an agent token
```

### Update API ConfigMap

- ConfigMap (`02-api/21-api-configmap.yaml`) contains information for Api such as categories, default Catalog [tektoncd](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog]) and Scopes.

> - This configMap have the enough information to deploy the default catalog [tektoncd](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog]),if changes are required then the ConfigMap should be modified accordingly .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This configMap have the enough information to deploy the default catalog [tektoncd](https://github.com/tektoncd/catalog]), if changes are required then the ConfigMap should be modified accordingly .
```

    users: [foo]
```

> - ConfigMap would looks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Final ConfigMap would look like below:
```

  labels:
    app: tekton-hub-api
data:

>   CATALOG_REFRESH_INTERVAL: 30m ## change the catalog refresh interval here

Reviewer: should we do something like
```yaml
data:
     CATALOG_REFRESH_INTERVAL: 0m
     ...
```

Author: > should we do something like
> 
> ```yaml
> data:
>      CATALOG_REFRESH_INTERVAL: 0m
>      ...
> ```

cc @piyush-garg @PuneetPunamiya

Reviewer 2: I think we dhould keep defualt time interval to 30
Any reason you were suggesting to 0m ?

Reviewer: @PuneetPunamiya @pratap0007 my bad, was just suggesting that since other fields which are actually part of configmap are missed so should we just add `...` in place of that?
```
data:
    CATALOG_REFRESH_INTERVAL: 30m
    ...
```

          volumeMounts:
          - name: catalog-source
            mountPath: "/home/hub/catalog" <---- change here with path/where/catalog/to/be/cloned eg /tmp/catalog
          - name: tekton-hub-config
            mountPath: '/tmp/config' <---- path where config map to be mounted
          ...
          env:
          - name: CLONE_BASE_PATH
            value: <path/where/catalog/to/be/cloned> eg /tmp/catalog
```

> **Note**: Mount path of api config map is fixed and don't change it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Mount path of api config map is fixed and shouldn't be changed.
```
